Add details about changelog processes to the contributing guide (#36524)
hashicorp/terraform: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Even with everyone making their best effort to be responsive, it can be time-consuming to get a PR merged. It can be frustrating to deal with the back-and-forth as we make sure that we understand the changes fully. Please bear with us, and please know that we appreciate the time and energy you put into the project.

#### Changelog entries

> If your PR's changes are not user-facing add the label `no-changelog-needed`. If this label isn't present and your PR doesn't include any change files a Github Action workflow will prompt you to add whichever is needed.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
If your PR's changes are not user-facing, add the label `no-changelog-needed`. If this label isn't present and your PR doesn't include any change files, a Github Action workflow will prompt you to add whichever is needed.
```

#### Create a change file using `changie`

If your change is user-facing you can use `npx changie new` to create a new changelog entry via your terminal. The command is interactive and you will need to: select which kind of change you're introducing, provide a short description, and enter either the number of the GitHub issue your PR closes or your PR's number.

Make sure to select the correct kind of change:

| Change kind      | When to use |
|------------------|-------------|
| NEW FEATURES     | Use this if you've added new, separate functionality to Terraform. For example, introduction of ephemeral resources. |
| ENHANCEMENTS     | Use this if you've improved existing functionality in Terraform. Examples include: adding a new field to a remote-state backend, or adding a new environment variable to use when configuring Terraform. |
| BUG FIXES        | Use this if you've fixed a user-facing issue. Examples include: crash fixes, improvements to error feedback, regression fixes. |
| NOTES            | This is used for changes that are unlikely to cause user-facing issues but might have edge cases. For example, changes to how the Terraform binary is built. |

> | UPGRADE NOTES    | Use this if you've introduced a change that force users need to take action when upgrading, or changes Terraform's behaviour notably. For example, deprecating a field on a remote-state backend or changing the output of Terraform operations. |

Author: ```suggestion
| UPGRADE NOTES    | Use this if you've introduced a change that forces users to take action when upgrading, or changes Terraform's behaviour notably. For example, deprecating a field on a remote-state backend or changing the output of Terraform operations. |
```
